---
title: 'Ask HN: Why aren''t companies hoarding AI talent?'
description: 'I get that layoffs boosted valuation of some major corporations that previously over-hired, but it’s been a defining feature of our industry for several years now (since 2023).Nothing is really coming'
pubDate: 2026-07-02T13:04:08
source: 'Hacker News'
sourceUrl: 'https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=48760918'
tags: []
---

I get that layoffs boosted valuation of some major corporations that previously over-hired, but it’s been a defining feature of our industry for several years now (since 2023).Nothing is really coming out of the layoffs - all the money is pooling in maybe 10 companies, and most don’t stand to gain anything from this - maybe slightly better candidate pool when they do hire.For the most part, the AI layoff trend has ran its course and isn’t innovative. Nothing big will come out of it - if all AI can do is lay off but can’t make anything.My question is this: Why is seemingly nobody taking advantage of AI?Nobody wants to be the next Netflix?Nobody wants to be the next Blizzard or Pixar?Nobody wants to be the next Steve Jobs or Walt Disney?Nobody with money wants to hire a small team of experts to obliterate Google Search as it leaves the opportunity wide open? Google just switched to AI abandoning their old product leaving it wide open for disruption - nobody wants it? Huge ad business there.The next FAANG can’t be born out of layoffs and unproductive speculation but from making something new that everyone uses.Why aren’t companies hiring like crazy - putting AI to direct use to disrupt just about every vertical? Put people in seats using this stuff to make WAY better stuff than exists now.Everyone is just sitting on their hands wondering what Amazon or whoever will do next.They aren’t doing anything - and never will again. If you’re one of the very few benefiting from the layoff trend sure good for you - most of us just aren’t! My question is why isn’t everyone else jumping at this massive disruptive opportunity?If I had a $1 billion fund I would be throwing it at AI startups doing product-focused work.You have tech talent now operating at their best and brightest levels ever, disruption just WAITING in the form of AI, office space vacant as far as the eye can see, and nobody’s doing anything. Nobody wants to. Nobody apparently sees this gold mine of opportunity to be the new leader in just about any category.Why? Comments URL: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=48760918 Points: 1 # Comments: 0
