---
title: 'Things I keep reminding myself about while working with AI Agents'
description: 'I am a founder working 12 hours a day with Claude Code and Codex. I think that AI is on the order of at least the industrial revolution, if not the agricultural revolution in terms of how it will rema'
pubDate: 2026-03-10T14:21:00
source: 'Hacker News'
sourceUrl: 'https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=47323666'
tags: []
---

I am a founder working 12 hours a day with Claude Code and Codex. I think that AI is on the order of at least the industrial revolution, if not the agricultural revolution in terms of how it will remake things. I make lots of lists. One is a personal list of things I'm learning about AI and how I want to think about it and relate to it. It is a working set of reminders to myself and principles. I think these are in the right direction, but I'd like feedback and to learn how others are thinking about this for themselves and their work:- AI increases the gap between the motivated/curious and the lazy/fatalistic. When I'm motivated/curious, I learn and grow. When I'm lazy/fatalistic, I forget and shrink. I can have agents write code and do all sorts of stuff, but in every interaction I want to be involved and learning by asking questions. Stay curious. Don't be lazy.- AI can be a catalyst that provides me with the activation energy I need to learn new things and do higher quality work. I'm coding now. I can work in git now. I am doing much higher quality marketing. Lean into this.- AI enables every person, even the most junior, to become a leader and manager of agents. Many of the same principles of good leadership and management apply. I want to lead my agents well, but even more I want to lead teams of people well, so keep honing this.- AI can improve many systems and processes. For 30 years, many professions have been slave to the database. The doctor isn't looking at you, she's typing into Epic. AI can make this much better.- But, like the database, we will all have to use AI whether we want to or not and we will be shaped by it. I don't want to write like AI. (Here is the real truth. It's not this. It's that) I am moving 5x faster than I was 2 years ago which is so cool, but I'm not sure I have a choice. I am tempted to look at my mobile app during family time to make sure my agents are moving. Resist. Don't let it change me :) I'm not sure how much that is possible except maybe with friends.- AI is very much a human achievement, cool math that compresses and makes available all human knowledge. Don't worship AI. Don't fear it. Work to make it a tool at the service of people.- AI is not a person so don't build a relationship with it. Refer to it as it to help myself remember this. Every day invest in at least one friendship.- The line between what is me and what is my avatars/bots should be clear.- Extrapolation is difficult to get right. Most people who see the future super clearly are trying to sell me something or get me to submit to their future. Imagine the future I want and work to realize it.- Work is meaningful for me and for most people. The goal is not to eliminate human work. Work to help many people have meaningful work to do. Comments URL: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=47323666 Points: 1 # Comments: 0
